Deprecated response_format in vso search (#7364)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/7364.deprecation.rst

The keyword ``response_format`` in :meth:`sunpy.net.vso.VSOClient.search` has been deprecated.
This was originally introduced to restore the previous behaviour of the VSO client, which was to return
`sunpy.net.vso.legacy_response.QueryResponse` instead of `sunpy.net.vso.table_response.VSOQueryResponseTable` objects.
This behaviour has been the default for over 4 years and the keyword is no longer needed.

> The plan is to remove this keyword and the older `sunpy.net.vso.legacy_response.QueryResponse` class in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plan is to remove this keyword and the older `sunpy.net.vso.legacy_response.QueryResponse` class in a sunpy 7.0.
```

Reviewer: Does `sunpy.net.vso.legacy_response.QueryResponse` need a deprecation decorator in this PR too then? Or is that for another PR?

Author: I can add one.
